0.  Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is English word that refers to a lung disease that is otherwise known as silicosis. 
    It is the longest word in the English language published in a dictionary, the Oxford English Dictionary,
    which defines it as "an artificial long word said to mean a lung disease caused by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust."

1.  getrusage()  returns  resource usage measures for who, which can be one of the following :
    * RUSAGE_SELF - Return resource usage statistics for the calling process,  which is the sum of resources used by all threads in the process.
    * RUSAGE_CHILDREN - Return resource usage statistics for all children of the calling process that have terminated and been waiting for.
    * RUSAGE_THREAD - Return resource usage statistics for the calling thread.   
    
2.  16

3.  Before and after are passed to getrusage to determine the resource use at the point in time before and after the event that we want to measure. 
    This allows the program to then use the calculate function to determine the contribution of the event to resource usage and time consumed by the event's process.
    
4.  For loop initializes char c as first character from file pointer, it checks if that character is not equal to EOF, on end of instrucitons c calls fgetc again to get next character. 
    The characters are filtered so that they are alphanumeric or apostrophes, and to filter out spaces and line breaks and so on. 
    The characters are used to constitute words that are shorter than the max length. 
    The rest of the loop goes into checking each word against the dictionary.

5.  Fgetc provides much more control over what characters are allowed to filter through to the constituted string. 
    Usign a string by string reading function, such as fscanf would introduce problems where the string may contain undesirable characters, and need to be subsequently corrected. 
    Fgetc is probably a safer and simpler way to process the stream.
    
6.  The parameters passed to load and check are declared using const because they are not allowed to change. This helps the program deal with these paramteres with optimum efficiency.
